[Music]
[Applause]
if you see this while swimming get out
of the water right away
swimming is one of the most pleasurable
and healthiest activities out there if
you swim in the sea or the ocean you can
also enjoy the colorful underwater world
but most people would never dream that
some encounters with ocean inhabitants
can turn out to be fatal
you should know that even the prettiest
and smallest creatures dwelling in areas
and oceans can seriously harm you and
while some of them leave you hurting
from nasty bites others can kill you
outright in this video you'll get
acquainted with the 10 deadliest water
inhabitants remember these creatures if
you ever meet them while swimming get
out of the water as soon as you can
if you want to learn about all kinds of
dangers and how to avoid them subscribe
to our Channel
on the bright side of life you'll find
not only this information but also many
other useful videos updates appear
several times a day so remember to ring
that notification metal most divers
worry about attacks from such sea
predators as a tiger shark the great
white shark or the bull shark but
despite common belief shark attacks are
actually quite rare as for the marine
creatures that can cause serious and
often fatal injuries to people those are
often much smaller and considerably less
famous let's have a look at some of them
[Music]
ten stingray upon first sight you may
think that stingrays with their flat and
wide bodies are anything but fish
however they are indeed fish just a
non-standard variety
they live in tropical and subtropical
waters that are shallow and warm some of
them can grow as long as six and a half
feet and their weight can be as great as
800 pounds the most surprising thing
about stingray would clip the clip is
that they are pretty close relatives of
sharks while a stingray is considered to
be quite docile and aggressive only in
self-defense it didn't make it onto our
list out of the blue there have been
cases where people died after an
unfortunate encounter with this fish for
example in 2006 the famous naturalist
Steve Irwin died while filming ocean's
deadliest a new underwater documentary
his heart was pierced by the barb of a
frightened stingray but besides having a
sharp and pointed barb stingrays also
have venom to protect themselves they
usually hide in the sand on the ocean
floor
if you accidentally step on this fish
you can get a painful wound under leg
stingray venom isn't usually deadly but
it can cause cell and tissue death if
you leave the injury untreated it can
lead to the amputation of the affected
limb 9 lionfish lionfish can be spotted
in both the South Pacific and the
Caribbean Sea contrary to what many
people think lionfish aren't poisonous
and it's OK to cook them but they
present a real danger when they're alive
lionfish have numerous needle sharp
pelvic dorsal and anal fins which all
contain venom
if you get stung by any of these spikes
you'll experience great pain in the
affected place if you don't get proper
help
there will be swelling and blistering
another danger is that an infection may
develop in the wound in the worst case
scenario a person can have an allergic
reaction to the venom in this case
anaphylactic shock may lead to deadly
complications eight flower urchin these
beautiful creatures dwell in the Indian
Ocean and the West Pacific Ocean while
they look like something you'd love to
have in your aquarium they aren't to be
touched flower urchin --zz have the
potential to kill an absent-minded scuba
diver they have even made their way into
the Guinness World Records as the most
dangerous of all sea urchins despite
what you may think virgins have venom
not in their spines but in their
triangular shaped arms also known as
petit Salaria and they have special
stinging appendages that inject venom
if the venom of a sea urchin gets into
the human body it results in convulsions
spasms of the smooth muscle tissue
paralysis shot and death this is why you
must do everything you can not to touch
these pretty flowers as soon as they
come into contact with your bare skin
you'll get poisoned remember that flower
urchin --zz have already been
responsible for several untimely deaths
seven Indonesian needlefish Indonesian
needlefish aren't venomous poisonous or
aggressive and they don't have huge
sharp teeth so how have they managed to
make it on our list the danger they
present lies entirely in their body
shape they resemble daggers and swim
near the surface of the water from time
to time they launch themselves out of
the water and their speed can reach 37
miles per hour their long shark jaws
turn needlefish into three-foot long
Spears there have been cases where
people happen to be in the way of these
creatures you can probably imagine the
horrifying results of such encounters in
short quite a number of deaths and
injuries have been caused by these
surprisingly dangerous fish since
electric eel electric eels live in the
Amazon and Orinoco rivers these
predators aren't venomous nor do they
have sharp spikes or fins they are just
electric these unusual fish can deliver
a huge 600 volt electrical discharge
this power comes from over 6,000
electrolyte cells in their bodies such a
voltage can easily result in heart
failure in humans so before you decide
to take a swim in the Amazon
check it out for the presence of the
long snake-like creatures
five Barracuda barracudas live in
tropical waters deep oceans along
continental shelves or close to coral
reefs among the numerous species one is
of particular interest to us the great
Barracuda this fish has a torpedo shaped
body that can grow up to six feet long
it's an aggressive predator they aren't
venomous but the real danger is they're
scary sharp teeth unlike most sharks
barracudas eagerly attack people
especially if they're wearing something
shiny while diving just one bite from a
barracuda can cause serious wounds which
can lead to death from blood loss on top
of that barracudas are infamous for
leaping out of the water and attacking
people in boats Barracuda for blue
ringed octopus blue ringed octopus live
in coral reefs and tide pools in the
indian and pacific ocean these amazingly
beautiful creatures attract attention
with their unusual coloring but if you
ever notice a blue ringed octopus
floating in the water next to you escape
as fast as you can
one octopus has enough venom to kill 26
adults in just a couple of minutes
these seeit habitants aren't aggressive
and stay away from people but if you
come across one and it feels threatened
by your presence its rings will change
color that's your cue to back off the
most dangerous thing about the bite of
the blue ringed octopus is that it's
practically painless thus people don't
realize they're in extreme danger
victims start to suspect that
is wrong only when they start to
suffocate and become paralyzed other
symptoms include nausea blindness and
heart failure usually people bitten by
this octopus die within minutes and
since an anti-venom for blue-ringed
octopus venom hasn't been invented yet
stay as far away from this creature as
possible three breathe stonefish as
you've probably gathered from its name
the reef stonefish dwells in tropical
coral reefs in the indian and pacific
ocean you can meet them anywhere from
the Red Sea to the Great Barrier Reef
say hello to the most venomous fish on
our planet there are several things that
make this stone fish so deadly first of
all this creature can blend into its
surroundings so well that you won't
notice it even if you are particularly
attentive therefore it's super easy to
step on this fish this takes us to point
number two stone fish have a row of
spines along their back if they feel
threatened or if somebody steps on them
they extend these spines and use them to
deliver their venom the greater the
pressure the more venom the fish
produces on top of that stone fish
remain dangerous even when
of the water as their venom stays toxic
for another 24 hours on land the venom
of this fish causes severe pain people
suffer so much that there have been
cases where they begged for the wounded
limb to be cut off other consequences of
the sting can be rapid swelling muscle
weakness tissue death temporary
paralysis and heart failure the kidneys
are usually negatively affected by the
after-effects of a stonefish sting in
addition after the victim recovers they
still feel pain in the affected area for
weeks to come
luckily very few incidents and lethally
because an anti-venom for the stonefish
exists by the way it's the second most
administered anti-venom in Australia to
textile cone snail when you look at this
pretty snail you probably think about
how cute it looks the pattern on its
shell is worth admiration but don't fool
yourself the textile cone snail is at
the top of the list of the most
dangerous creatures in the world these
venomous cuties dwell in the
indo-pacific region Australia the Indian
Ocean and French Polynesia they prefer
shallow reefs where they hide under
corals and lots
knowing shell collectors are attracted
by the beauty of these three and a half
inch long creatures but as they eagerly
swim towards a potential catch they
don't have a clue that one drop of the
venom this snail produces can kill 20
people the cone snail has tiny harpoons
full of lethal neurotoxin if this
creature feels threatened it shoots
these are foods in all directions they
easily pierce human skin but if you're
unlucky enough to choose a mature snail
as your prey its Barb's can penetrate
even a wetsuit a pretty scary thing is
that symptoms of such a sting can either
appear right away or be delayed for
hours and even days people who become
victims of cone snails suffer from sharp
pain swelling and numbness
if the sting is particularly bad it can
cause muscle paralysis breathing failure
and even vision changes one species of
cone snail is called the cigarette snake
and its venom is especially deadly after
all this snail got its name because the
victim has just enough time to smoke one
before they died there have been 30
documented human deaths from the
harpoons of cone snails but nobody knows
how many fatal cases haven't been
reported the worst thing is that no
anti-venom has been created yet one box
jellyfish box jellyfish are widespread
in Indian and Pacific Oceans these
creatures have squarish bells which
resemble boxes and countless long
dangling tentacles some of their
tentacles can grow as long as ten feet
each tentacle has about 500,000
microscopic are foods which inject venom
into a victim
unlike other jellyfish box jellyfish are
hunters they can easily latch on to
people by wrapping their slender
tentacles around a person's limb or body
their sting is so excruciating ly
painful that people can go into shock
immediately the most likely result in
this case would be heart failure or
drowning because victims just can't get
back to the shore
since 1954 there have been almost 5600
recorded
from box jellyfish attacks even if a
person survives
they will be in pain for weeks after the
encounter if you have come into contact
with this floating monster and managed
to get to the shore he immediately rinse
the affected area with vinegar then use
fine tweezers to pluck out visible
tentacles after that soak the place of
the sting in 110 degree Fahrenheit water
for a minimum of 20 minutes have you
ever come across any of the venomous
creatures mentioned in this video if you
have please tell us about your
experience in the comments below
press the like button if you're gonna be
on the lookout for any of these
dangerous sea inhabitants after watching
this video